Add community-contributed-connectors (#22)
GoogleCloudPlatform/cloud-dataplex: managed-connectivity/community-contributed-connectors/postgresql-connector/sample/README.md

# Sample Metadata Import File
This directory contains:
 * A sample metadata file generated by the connector: [postgres_metadata_sample.jsonl](postgres_metadata_sample.jsonl)
 * A request to use with the Metadata Import REST API: [metadata_import_request.json](metadata_import_request.json)
### Import metadata into universal catalog:

> 1   In postgres-metadata-sample.jsonl: 

Reviewer: Please fix formatting of bullet points

        * Search and replace all instances of "gcp-project-id" with your project ID
        * [OPTIONAL] Search and replace all instances of "us-central1" with your region or with "global" 
        * Upload the .jsonl metadata import file to a Google Cloud Storage bucket

2   In metadata_import_request.json:

>         * Replace the value in source_storage_uri with the path to your GCS bucket from above (Note: without the file and ending with /)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
        * Replace the value in source_storage_uri with the path to your Cloud Storage bucket (Note: without the file and ending with /)
```

        * Replace "gcp-project-id" with your project ID
        * Go to the Dataplex UI. Ensure the Entry Group, Entry Types and Aspect Types seen in metadata_import_reques exist in your project
        
    Note: projects/dataplex-types/locations/global/aspectTypes/schema is a built-in Aspect Type and does not need to be created.

> 3   Run import via the REST Metadata Import API, replacing gcp-project-id below for your project, and the us-central1 region with another if appropriate:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
3   Run import via the Metadata Import REST API, replacing gcp-project-id with your project, and the us-central1 region with another region if appropriate:
```
